# U2f1

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClientData** | Pointer to **string** | Base64-encoded client data from the U2F token | [optional] 
**SignatureData** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Base64-encoded signature data from the U2F token | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewU2f1

`func NewU2f1() *U2f1`

NewU2f1 instantiates a new U2f1 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewU2f1WithDefaults

`func NewU2f1WithDefaults() *U2f1`

NewU2f1WithDefaults instantiates a new U2f1 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClientData

`func (o *U2f1) GetClientData() string`

GetClientData returns the ClientData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientDataOk

`func (o *U2f1) GetClientDataOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientDataOk returns a tuple with the ClientData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientData

`func (o *U2f1) SetClientData(v string)`

SetClientData sets ClientData field to given value.

### HasClientData

`func (o *U2f1) HasClientData() bool`

HasClientData returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignatureData

`func (o *U2f1) GetSignatureData() interface{}`

GetSignatureData returns the SignatureData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureDataOk

`func (o *U2f1) GetSignatureDataOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetSignatureDataOk returns a tuple with the SignatureData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignatureData

`func (o *U2f1) SetSignatureData(v interface{})`

SetSignatureData sets SignatureData field to given value.

### HasSignatureData

`func (o *U2f1) HasSignatureData() bool`

HasSignatureData returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSignatureDataNil

`func (o *U2f1) SetSignatureDataNil(b bool)`

 SetSignatureDataNil sets the value for SignatureData to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSignatureData
`func (o *U2f1) UnsetSignatureData()`

UnsetSignatureData ensures that no value is present for SignatureData, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


